1.	What are the synonyms of hippocampus?
2.	Which parts of the precentral gyrus are active in schizophrenia and healthy volunteers in these data?
3.	Which parts of Brodmann Area 6 are activated in Schizophrenia and Healthy Volunteers?
4.	Do the schizophrenia subjects show more or less co-activation than healthy subjects do, in cortical regions that are connected by the superior longitudinal fasciculus?
5.	What is the white matter volume of the regions of the inferior parietal lobule in the data?
6.	What is the average anatomical region of the precentral gyrus in the brain in different ontologies?
7.	What is the precentral gyrus?
8.	What is the relationship of telencephalon and diencephalon?
9.	Is the left amygdala part of the amygdala?
10.	Which regions overlap with the precentral gyrus?
11.	How many subjects gained extra volume in a region of the diencephalon in the patient’s data?
12.	Which annotated structural region has changed volume in patients?
13.	What are the positive effects of aspirin on the brains of elderly people?
14.	What is the anatomical region of the premotor cortex?
15.	What is the thickness of inferior parietal lobule in the data?
16.	What are the brain regions with atrophy in Huntington's disease (HD).
17.	Which sub-cortical region has the largest atrophy in HD?
18.	Which cortical region has the highest amount of cortical thinning?
19.	Which regions are functionally connected to the most atrophied region in HD?
20.	Which regions are structurally connected to the most atrophied region in HD?
21.	Which cortical regions show changes in functional activity in HD?
22.	Which regions show early atrophy in pre manifest HD?
23.	Which cortical regions show thinning in pre manifest HD?
24.	Which regions show thinning/atrophy over 12 months in HD?
25.	Does any region show increased activity in pre manifest HD?
26.	How many regions are in the parietal cortex?
27.	Is the thalamus atrophic in the Multiple Sclerosis patients?
28.	How does connectivity between the thalamus and motor cortex differ between patients and controls?
29.	Find all the subjects with an average cortical thickness less than 5mm.
30.	What is the activation level in the anterior cingulate gyrus?
31.	Is the degree of change in volume of the thalamus over 1 year in patients greater than the change in controls?
32.	Is cortical thickness correlated across all cortical regions in this subject group?
